{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 AppleColorEmoji;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red25\green28\blue31;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c12941\c14510\c16078;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww21980\viewh22280\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Positive\cb1 \
\cb3 Thank you for submitting this task Simon. So far you did a very good job! \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 - Your comments helped a lot, and code was well spaced and indented! \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 - Your files were very well structured! \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 - You almost completed the save for later functionally, you just missed a few steps.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Improve\cb1 \
\cb3 Completeness : \cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\f2 \cb3 \uc0\u9675 
\f0  Create a new HTML page for the \'93Save for later\'94 section, which allows \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 the user to see what is in their folder. \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 - This meant that the items that were saved, should be seen on the save for later pages. You only added links that take the user back to the original item. The idea of this functionality is similar to the "add to cart" feature in a store, where you should be able to see the item that was added to the cart on the cart page. \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 - When leaving a comment, that comment should also be displayed on the page. \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 This is where localStorage comes in, you need to save all the "saved for later" content to the LS, and when the save for later page is loaded, it uses the data in LS to render the content on the page. \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 Efficiency: \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Your nav bar was only on the home page. \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 - Also, try to place your navigation on each page. Always think of an actual website or store. You want the user to be able to easily navigate to any page from the navigation menu.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Overall\cb1 \
\cb3 Please make these corrections and resubmit, and I'll take another look. \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 And as always, if you need any assistance with your tasks, please reach out to me/us via, email(assigned mentor), or book a mentor session.
\f3 \uc0\u55357 \u56841 
\f0  \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 Good luck with your next task, and happy coding!\cb1 \
}